chore(docs): clarify client-only routing (#23292)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/client-only-routes-and-user-authentication.md

## Handling client-only routes with Gatsby

> Gatsby uses [@reach/router](https://reach.tech/router/) under the hood (so you don't need to install it separately), and it is the recommended approach to create client-only routes.

Author: What happened as I was reading the code from the page, is that I copied `@reach/router` from the highlighted line, typed `npm install` in a terminal window, then pasted. Mostly a habit when reading code docs that talk about a new package.

> Gatsby uses [@reach/router](https://reach.tech/router/) under the hood (so you don't need to install it separately), and it is the recommended approach to create client-only routes.

Reviewer: oh I see.. What if we removed the brackets. Does this read well now ? 
```suggestion
Gatsby uses [@reach/router](https://reach.tech/router/) under the hood. This means you don't need to install it separately and it is the recommended approach to create client-only routes.
```

> You first need to add routes to a page that _is_ built by Gatsby. Below, we'll use `pages/app.js`:

Reviewer: I tried to rephrase your suggestion per the [style guide](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/#use-you-as-the-pronoun). Also, the first sentence reads well already. 
```suggestion
You first need to set up routes on a page that is built by Gatsby. You can see the routes added to  `src/pages/app.js` directory in the code example below:
```

Author: @Ekwuno not sure why GitHub let me edit your comment, but I did so to remove an extra space and an extra word, so I'll commit that.

export default App
```

> Briefly, when a page loads, Reach Router looks at the `path` prop of each component nested under `<Router />`, and chooses _one_ to render that best matches `window.location` (you can learn more about how routing works from the [@reach/router documentation](https://reach.tech/router/api/Router). In the case of the `/app/profile` path, the `Profile` component will be rendered, as its prefix matches the base path of `/app`, and the remaining part is identical to the child's path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When a page loads, Reach Router looks at the `path` prop of each component nested under `<Router />`, and chooses that best match of `window.location` to render; This is usually the one with the `basepath` prop. You can learn more about how routing works from the [@reach/router documentation](https://reach.tech/router/api/Router). 

In the case of the `/app/profile` path, the `Profile` component will be rendered, as its prefix matches the base path of `/app`, and the remaining part is identical to the child's path.
```
